Docs: reviewing all READMEs (#98)
jitsedesmet/traqula: README.md

Traqula achieves this by shipping default configurations as [engines](/engines) which can easily be modified by [builders](https://refactoring.guru/design-patterns/builder) found in the [core package of Traqula](/packages/core).

Traqula maintains a few engines (default parser, transformer, and generator configurations) built ontop of its own [code packages](/packages):
* For [SPARQL 1.1](https://www.w3.org/TR/sparql11-query/): a [parser](/engines/parser-sparql-1-1), [generator](/engines/generator-sparql-1-1), and [algebra transformer](engines/algebra-sparql-1-1).
* For [SPARQL 1.2](https://www.w3.org/TR/sparql12-query/): a [parser](/engines/parser-sparql-1-2), [generator](./engines/generator-sparql-1-2), and [algebra transformer](engines/algebra-sparql-1-2).
* For [SPARQL 1.1](https://www.w3.org/TR/sparql11-query/#grammar) + [ADJUST](https://github.com/w3c/sparql-dev/blob/main/SEP/SEP-0002/sep-0002.md) function: a [parser](/engines/parser-sparql-1-1-adjust), the generator and transformers of SPARQL1.1 also work here.

## Documentation

> To use Traqula's engines, the used engine should have self-documenting READMEs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Traqula's engines, lean more in their respective READMEs as linked to above.
```

Reviewer: I'd also consider adding some links to common usages of Traqula, similar to what Comunica has here: https://github.com/comunica/comunica?tab=readme-ov-file#query-with-comunica
For example, there should definitely be a link to how one can use Traqula to parse a 1.1 or 1.2 SPARQL query, as that is what most people visiting this repo will want to do.
